docs(rulesets): mention paths overrides (#1798)
stoplightio/spectral: docs/guides/4-custom-rulesets.md

Overrides can be used to:

- Override rulesets to apply on particular files/folders `files: ['schemas/**/*.draft7.json']`

> - Override rulesets to apply on particular paths `files: ['**#/components/schemas/Item']`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Override rulesets to apply on particular JSON Path's `files: ['**#/components/schemas/Item']`
```

  ]
}
```

> One can also mix globs with actual paths, i.e.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can also combine a glob for a filepath with a JSON Path after the anchor, i.e.:
```
